Support data_set_id in `functions.create()` (#1426)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

> ## [6.33.2] - 2023-10-16
> ### Added
> - `functions.create()` now supports `data_set_id` parameter that allows you to explicitly set the data set the function code will be uploaded to for deployment. Specifying a data set can help resolve the error 403 that happens due to missing permissions to create files not scoped to a data set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [6.33.2] - 2023-10-18
### Added
- `functions.create()` now accepts a `data_set_id` parameter. Note: This is not for the Cognite function, but for the zipfile containing
  the source code files that is uploaded on the user's behalf (from which the function is then created). Specifying a data set may
  help resolve the error 'Resource not found' (403) that happens when a user is not allowed to create files outside a data set.
```
